okay so tonight's video is me treating
my fish for external parasites and how
I'm gonna do that is I'm not using
medication this time I'm using some
table salt and I'm gonna take tank water
30 liters I'm gonna put it into my
bucket I'm gonna add salt at a dosage of
10 grams per liter of water so by 250
grams depending so much water I take it
exactly and what that does is it's
called a salt dip and basically the high
concentration of salt kills the
pathogens that so much like you would
take saltwater fish I mean I fresh water
dip because the pathogens on them they
can't stand the fresh water it's the
same thing but the pathogens can't stand
the saltwater so leave them in my bucket
we're just doing here for about half an
hour excuse me and then before they
start going up side it don't take them
and I'll put them back into the tank and
I'm gonna take all of the fish oh yeah
all the ones I can catch anyway and I'm
gonna do that by putting in while
pretending to put in some foods getting
them all to the feeding corner and just
scooping them up as many other thing as
I can so I call most of the guys in here
doesn't maybe five fish five fish less
than I think this is the most I can get
a minute because they're playing so I
got them all they're in here
the Moody was the last one to go in so
he's one of the washed flashes CERN's
that's fine but he's flashing the most
so what's going to happen I'm gonna put
the rest of them back in maybe in the
next ten minutes they all seem to be
doing okay in here so I actually took
the opportunity washed all the fish were
out and I had to move some of the rocks
to catch them to do a bit of aquascaping
yes so I've changed up my heart game
ever so slightly and I think it looks
play awesome so
I'll do is I'll show you that once once
of water settled and once all the fish
are back in yes you can kind of just see
it here using this torch build the rocks
up more so look sweet I didn't want to
touch the rocks but I'm glad I did and
here it is this is what it looks like
now that I've changed on rocks boat
treat the fish I'm gonna keep an eye on
it I'll see what goes on
I love the new aquascape I think it
looks amazing the way the official
playing a bit of rocks and looking
forward to just coming in here and
watching them play so thanks super
clarity had a minute I didn't move all
the rocks but like I said start to sand
up blah blah blah all the rest of it so
just a quick Kraig video tonight I'll do
another one over the weekend and explain
to you guys exactly why treated these
fish again and why I use the method I
did there was method to my madness
excuse me one second there was method to
my madness and yeah so that's it
basically I've got some ice cream
waiting for me and I'm gonna go watch
two and a Half Men so you guys take care
I'll zoom out just quickly awesome right
sweet
take care I'll speak to you soon bye